Public link - https://demand-dashboard-19s4.onrender.com/ 

Demand Forecast Dashboard
Interactive web dashboard to evaluate sales performance, profitability, and demand forecasting using historical sales data. The dashboard is made public: source code is shared on GitHub, and application on Render is deployed and running.

Features
Total revenue, profit, and profit margin analysis.
Data filtering by municipality and date range.
Daily sales volume and revenue dynamics (last 60 days).
Revenue vs Profit comparison over time.
Demand forecasting with weekly aggregation and confidence interval.
Top-5 municipalities by revenue.
Top-10 products by profit.
Tech Stack
Backend

Python
Flask
Pandas / NumPy
Prophet (time series forecasting)
Frontend

HTML (Jinja2 templates)
Plotly.js for interactive visualizations
Deployment

Gunicorn
Render
Project Structure
├── app.py                       # Flask application
├── requirements.txt             # Python dependencies
├── FINAL_fake_purchase_data_with_machineID.xlsx  # Source dataset
├── templates/
│   └── index.html               # Dashboard HTML template
└── README.md
Local Installation and Run
Clone the repository
Install dependencies:
pip install -r requirements.txt
Run the application:
python app.py
Open in your browser:
http://127.0.0.1:5000
Deployment
The application is deployed on Render and available for public access.

Deployment details:

Start command: gunicorn app:app
Automatic redeployment on updates to the GitHub repository
Forecasting Logic
Demand forecasting is implemented using Prophet:

Weekly data aggregation
Forecast horizon of approximately 6 weeks
60% confidence interval
The forecast is intended for:

Short-term demand assessment
Supporting data-driven decision-making
Notes
The dataset of this project is synthetic (fake data), designed only for demonstration and educational purposes.

Author
Designed based on an analytical and educational project that included working with sales analysis in addition to demand forecasting.

License
Free for educational & demonstration purposes.
